feat(events-targets): supports to specify fargate platform version (#10223)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-events/README.md

import { EcsTask } from '@aws-cdk/aws-events-targets';
...

> // in default, EcsTask runs on dafault fargate platform version managed by ECS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// By default, EcsTask runs on 'LATEST' Fargate platform version managed by ECS.
```

// if you want to specify its version, you can set `platformVersion` in EcsTask's props
// more information for fargate platform versions:

> //   https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/platform_versions.html

Reviewer: maybe this comment really belongs as a footnote to the code. Or you can always show an example that actually sets that property by creating another target. i.e. `const ecsFargateTarget = new EcsTask...`

import { EcsTask } from '@aws-cdk/aws-events-targets';
...

> // use `LATEST` as platformVersion by default

Reviewer: it's not really clear what part of the next line this comment applies to. Let's add more detail here and get more specific about where the platformVersion default comes from.

Author: fixes: de0cb76
